Hi Mike,

Thank you for reaching out, and for your interest in Leanpub. I will try to answer your questions below.

1) if i want to use integration, i need to have a monthly sub, correct? once i publish a book, do i need to maintain the monthly sub to sell that book on your platform?

Yes, if you want to use GitHub or Bitbucket integration, you need a paid account (in addition to monthly plans, we also have "lifetime" plans where you can just make a one-time payment: https://leanpub.com/lifetime/buy). When you are done working on your books on Leanpub, you do not need to keep up the monthly subscription to sell the books on our platform.

2) i will likely be collaborating w/ co-authors, editors, etc. in order for them to use the integration builds, does each collaborator need to have their own monthly subscription?

No, they do not. Once you have set up a repo for a book, you can add co-authors to it, and they do not need paid accounts. And for people who you want to do editing, but you don't want to add them as co-authors, you can just let them work on the book's repo. However, if someone is not added as a co-author on Leanpub, they will not have access to the book's settings in Leanpub, and they won't be able to hit the preview or publish buttons etc.

3) does each book require a monthly subscription fee or just the author?

This happens on the author level, not the book level. With an author account, you can create up to 100 books & courses under the account. (Here is an article in our Help Center that hopefully has all the details set out clearly: http://help.leanpub.com/en/articles/3691778-what-are-the-different-features-in-the-free-standard-and-pro-author-plans.)

4) i didn't see any indexing support in your markua format. Is that something you are working on for future release?

We have not implemented indexing support yet. We will do it someday, but I'm afraid I don't have a timeline on when that will happen, sorry.

5) i am considering using the platform to publish a series of small papers (~20pgs), likely more than 20 over the space of a year. is there an pricing option for "bulk" use of your platform?

I think my answer to 3) above addresses this question - our author plans are bulk, letting you create up to 100 books & courses under each account.

I hope that answers all your questions, and I'm sorry that information isn't easier to find! If I missed anything or anything is unclear, or if you have any more questions, please let us know.

Kind Regards,

Len

--
Len Epp
Co-founder, Leanpub
@lenepp
