Hey,

my bubble isn't a lot lot bigger, so, yes, also being productive :-) Trying to use the isolation time to knock out content so I have it at hand when I might travel again maore (who knows).

No worries on the questions - see answers inline. Let me know what you decide and what you'll write about. I love seeing work in progress.

--Gregor


On Fri, Sep 18, 2020 at 3:11 AM mca <mca@amundsen.com> wrote:
Gregor:

thanks for the reply. i guess i was taking a risk with that cheeky subject line<g>.

sounds like you're keeping busy which, i assume, is a good thing. hope you are able to enjoy some of your surroundings in Singapore with all the lockdowns and restrictions. 

me, i spend most of my time in my tiny studio bubble in my basement here in Kentucky. not pretty, but productive<g>.

about LeanPub. thanks for offering to answer a few Qs. hopefully these will make sense and be easy to answer. i know it seems like a lot of Qs (9). if you just want to skip some, that's fine. 

#1 did you use the integration options (paid accounts of standard and pro) and what was your impression of them? if not, why and how was working with the web editing experience for you?
I was grandfathered into Pro as 37 Things did quite well. I write locally and use github for integration. I added a webhook so Leanpub generates a preview when I push to "main". I don't do WYSISWYG - the whole pint of markdown is that you don't need to worry too much about editing.


#2 how did you find the writing experience (markup language, edits, builds, images, code samples, etc.)?
Overall quite good. There are small bugs like if you have a part that isn't numbered, the "show chapter title in heading" doesn't reset. Tables used to be awful but they just fixed it. I started converting the book to Asciidoc, which gives more control, but then Leanpub added margin control (and better tables), so I abandoned that spike. Asciidoctor PDF is fancy but takes quite a bit of time to get into. The main remaining thing I miss in Leanpub is indexing. Otherwise the toolchain is super pain free.
 

#3 i see that they want a monthly subscription account before you can publish on their platform. does that mean even after you have completed the book you still need to maintain a paid account to keep selling on their site?
I am not sure - again, I am grandfathered into pro, which is all in. my understanding is that you can publish books with the free plan. They are quite responsive in their author forum, so always worth asking. $8.99 is one book a month, so not too bad :-)
 

#4 how was the variable pricing and coupon system for you? do you use them? any advice on how to get the most out of those elements?
Yes, they work well. People love coupons and having this level of control is a great asset. Most people increase the price as the book completes - you reward early readers and supporters.
 

#5 what would you say are the strengths of the LeanPub platform/approach?
Smooth tool chain, great bunch of guys (very responsive), can make bundles with fellow authors
 

#6 what are the drawbacks of LeanPub that you experienced?
You have little control over the printed book - that just got better with custom margins, so good enough for me. Like any self published effort, don't expect the platform to bring you tons of traffic. You are the marketing department!
 

#7 have you used (or did you research) any other similar self-publishing platforms?
I checked out a local build for Asciidoctor PDF for the print generation. Also nice, took a bit more time to get to look right. Many folks sell on gumroad, but I feel it has a bit of a mixed reputation. Leanpub is a good place for programming books. I publish print via Kindle Direct (KDP)

#8 i notice that LeanPub doesn't copyright your work and they also don't issue ISBN numbers (I assume authors need to do that on their own). is that of any importance to you?
No need for ebooks. Kindle will give you an ISBN or you can buy one.
 

#9 anything else you'd like to share w/ me on all this?
I hired a professional illustrator and copy editor for the first time. It hurts a bit as the book profits aren't that big in the first place but it's a smart investment. If people pay $25 for your book it should be professionally done. I am happy with Leanpub - I used it the second time for Cloud Strategy and have a few more drafts, e.g. Platform Strategy, which will also include quite a bit on APIs :-)  
